Metrics docs (#570)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/06-10-metrics.md

# Kyma Environment Broker Metrics

Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) metrics are exposed with the `/metrics` endpoint, which is called by Prometheus in a job manner every given duration of
time and gathers the metrics, which are later pushed to Victoria metrics and Plutno dashboard and alerts.

> The metrics are counted in KEB memory in two main ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metrics are counted in KEB's memory in two ways:
```

> 1. Pull data from database and update in-memory metric.
> 2. Publish events which are send across systems from business processes to corresponding subscribers which update metrics in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pulling data from the database and updating in-memory metrics.
- Publishing events sent across systems from business processes to corresponding subscribers, which update metrics in memory.
```
